We wanted to document the current system being used and were wondering if would be possible for you to give us some insight on the following:
1.	What terms are used to identify the different types of documents/media used to record legal events handled by the JCF?
a.       E.g. Reports, Cases etc
  
2.	What is the process of escalation for cases/reports/incidents?
a.       What are the steps involved in the escalation process, starting from initial documentation through to closing of a case?
b.      If the process is different for each of the types of documents/recording options please outline these.
 
3.	What are the fields used for case, record, report and offence documentation? 
a.       What fields/ values are recorded in a report? (e.g. Name, date, time of recording, person providing info, etc.)
b.      What fields/ values are recorded in a case? (e.g. Name, date, time of recording, person providing info, etc.)
c.       What fields/ values are recorded in a record? (e.g. Name, date, time of recording, person providing info, etc.)
(Please provide a list format) e.g.
Name
Age
TRN 
4.	Who takes part in the cases, records, reports and offences documentation (Rank of officer [List format])?

5.	Who has access to the cases and records and offences files?
 
6.	What type of screening/verification takes place during documentation, of the information being supplied and the persons doing the documentation?
 
7.	What media (booklet, digital logs, etc.) are used to document cases and records and offences?
 
8.	Is it possible for us to obtain a copy of the documented steps and procedure followed for gathering evidence, specifically as it relates to logging information and records management?

9.	What are the characteristics and features of existing electronic records management systems?

10.	What is the current procedure for converting written information into digital format?

11.	What are the methods used for storing and cataloguing of digital multimedia content (video and audio recordings, photographs, etc.)?

12.	Please provide a list of problems that you (JCF) have identified with the system that currently being used and would like to have corrected.

13.	What other feedback or suggestions do you have on the above mentioned?
